This file contains all the ideas which haven't been implemented yet
and the tasks left to be accomplished.

don't permute options in xplot.

-geometry in xplot?  How do we ignore options using getopt?

reduce all file names to 14 characters or less. (e.g. expected.output !!)

---------------------------------------------------------------- 

Vaughan <vaughan%cadillac.cad.mcc.com@mcc.com> suggests making graph
read interactively from a pipe and write plotting commands
incrementally to another pipe).  We could either: (1) allow the user
to specify the limits and plot each coordinate as it is read, or (2)
make a pass over the data and rescale and replot it every time the
user appends more data.  This might be leading in the direction of a
digital scope type of look-and-feel.

add an option to plot2ps to merge in .clipboard files.

use the 4014 description in tek2plot provided by rosen@bu.edu (David
B. Rosen) to extend the graphics output support to 4014 rather than
just 4010.

write a graphics.config borne shell script?  Or use `make OS_NAME'?

write a manual pages for plot2tek and tek2plot.

Some in the future, add the plot2plot backward compatibility switch to
graph.

write a replacement for spline.

graph: Add better clipping (see Cohen-sutherland clipping algorithm,
p72 of Berger's computer graphics).

add an option to specify whether output plot files contain high byte
first of low byte first. (done for graph and xplot)

add a linewidth command:
`linewidth' (double LINEWIDTH): linewidth.
This would set the width of subsequent lines to LINEWIDTH, measured in
terms of the plot units.  I think the default should be 1.0, which is
what the user expects when plotting to a plot "device".   Plot2ps
supports line width specification on the command line.

plot2plot: The emulation of rotate and alable could include (in
increasing order of difficulty):
1) give the user an option to omit all label commands in case they
look so bad when converted that the user would rather just not have
them.
2) Emulate position of characters.
3) Draw characters using a vector (herhsey) font.
4) do coordinate transformations
5) do byte order switching


Jeffrey Templon <templon@copper.ucs.indiana.edu> suggests native
support for error bars.  We could read in a third value with every
coordinate pair which indicates the size of the bar.  Jeff writes:
    the way we do it is to think of the "value" of the error bar as one
    half its width.  speaking in terms of statistics, what we call the
    error bar is what the statisticians call the 'standard deviation' or
    'estimated error'.  When plotted, what we do is to have a bar than
    extends +/- the value specified about the point.  our current package,
    topdrawer from stanford, does this exactly as you said; the error bar
    is specified as the half-width of the bar to plot, and it is the third
    (usually) number on the line.  our package actually allows for
    different ordering through the SET ORDER command - you can say SET
    ORDER X DX Y DY where DX and DY are the error bar values.  If your
    program which made the output (used as the graphics input coordinates)
    happened to order differently, you could say SET ORDER X DY DUMMY
    DUMMY Y for example, where DUMMY specifies a value you don't care
    about.  This is handy for quick plots, where all you have to do is
    cut-and-paste, don't need to worry about swapping and deleting columns
    when pasting program output into the plot input file.


xplot: implement flushing upon recieving an erase command. Then do
reading interactively from a pipe, and finally resizing the plot
window.  Add ability to read from a named socket, default name is
`plotdev0' in the user's home directory, unless it alread exists and
is alive.  In this case use the lowest numbered plotdev which doesn't
already exist.

Plot2ps: synchrods!daniel@cad.berkeley.edu and David B. Rosen
<Rosen@bu.edu> suggest an option for centering the output on the page.
The bounding box estimate should provide enough information to allow
this.

plot2fig:
* figure a way to horizontally adjust text in fig or to make adjusted
  lables appear the same in xfig as in postscript output generated using
  transfig.

* find out a way to test the color support in fig and transfig.  There is
  a way to pass this information in the fig file, but it has not been
   implemented yet for lack of a way to test it.

tek2plot doesn't seem to generate valid output on the sequent, track
down whether this is a byte ordering problem.

add a regression test to tek2plot if we can increse the resolution to
4096 by 3120 with 4014 extended graphics mode.

